<p>As it might be interesting to see how an algorithm would classifiy the texts, without division into authors, genres, or periods being introduced by the experimenter, the so-called community detection was performed on the main network, i.e. the one which is presented in the printed version of the paper. Community detection groups together nodes which have strong mutual connections. Community detection is performed with the Louvain modularity algorithm, the most reliable and established method for this task. See Vincent D. Blondel, Jean-Loup Guillaume, Renaud Lambiotte, Etienne Lefebvre, "Fast unfolding of communities in large networks", <i>Journal of Statistical Mechanics: Theory and Experiment</i> 10 (2008), P10008 [link](https://arxiv.org/pdf/0803.0476.pdf, accessed Sep 3, 2023); Joanna Byszuk, "The Voices of Doctor Who – How Stylometry Can be Useful in Revealing New Information About TV Series", <i>Digital Humanities Quarterly</i> 14/4 (2020), there 32 ([link](http://www.digitalhumanities.org/dhq/vol/14/4/000499/000499.html), accessed Aug 28, 2023).</p>
<p>Community detection was tried at different resolutions, yielding various increasing numbers of communities as the resolution lowers. The entire corpus is shown as a single community above resolution 68 where, Plautus and Terence separate from the rest of the corpus. This means that pre-classical Latin, or a peculiar verse, is in striking opposition to all the rest. At 27, poetry (with a few prose works) separates from prose. Descending to 12, twentieth-century Vatican documents form a separate group. When the number of communities is set to be nine, equal to the number of the genres (at resolution 3), it can be seen that all poetry, Jerome's part of the Vulgate and most of ML theology largely overlap with their respective communities, while historiography is divided into two communities: one in which medieval period dominates, and the other which comprises mostly ancient and modern works. Poetry starts to disintegrate (with Horace's <i>Epistulae</i> and <i>Sermones</i> as the first outcasts) at resolution 2.2, when the number of communities is 12.</p>
