<p>The folder contains distance matrices for additional tests (importable to Gephi) and graphs generated from them in Gephi (the colours of the genres are displayed in the file 'palette.png').</p> 
<p>First, single runs of cluster analysis with 20 and 1,020 MFWs, respectively, was done, to explore if groupings of texts occur at the extremes of the MFW vector size spectrum. Furthermore, the original test was repeated, but excluding pronouns, which is an option offered by the stylo package. Then, it was run with another distance measure, Classic Delta. Finally, as in the main analysis – to reduce noise stemming from medieval ortography – I modified the texts in a way that the difference between 'ae'/'oe' and 'e' was eliminated, as well as between double and single consonants, and a few other orthographic pairs (e.g. 'michi' and 'mihi'), an analysis was run on an 'unclean' corpus (but still equalising 'i'/'j' and 'u'/'v').</p>

<p>Here are the results of the additional tests:</p>
<p>Cluster analysis with 20 MFWs, Eder's Delta: graph much more condensed, poetry clearly separated, Plautus and Terence independent, but nearer, Vulgate and Cicero tightly clustered and opposed, but integrated into the main circle, historiography and theology agglomerations pretty compact.</p>  
<p>Cluster analysis with 1,020 MFWs, Eder's Delta: Plautus, Terence, Caesar and translations of Aristotle's Physics endlessly escaping the graph, Cicero's speeches, Vulgate and recent Vatican documents more clearly separated from the main body, prose genres even more tightly clustered.</p> 
<p>Consensus tree, 20-1,020 MFWs, Eder's Delta, no pronouns: groupings very similar to the one in the main experiment, medieval theology and historiography meeting through other genres, not at the edge.</p> 
<p>Consensus tree, 20-1,020 MFWs, Classic Delta: Plautus and Terence more distanced, genre groupings roughly as in the main experiment, medieval theology and historiography meeting through other genres, not at the edge.</p> 
<p>Consensus tree, 20-1,020 MFWs, Eder's Delta, uncleaned orthographic noise: genre groupings roughly unchanged, Vulgate with medieval historiography, theology and philosophy concentrated in one side of the graph.</p> 
